<a name="schema.Entries"></a>
## `Entries`

Contains metadata parsed from the text contents of the tweet.

This object is a subclass of the pydantic BaseModel which makes it easy to serialize
the object with the .dict() and json() methods.

**Attributes**:

- `hashtags` - Contains all hashtags parsed from the tweet. Example `Bitcoin`.
- `cashtags` - Contains all cashtags parsed from the tweet. Example $BTC
- `urls` - Contains all URLs parsed from the tweet excluding photo/video media links.
- `photos` - Contains all URLs that link to photo media.
- `videos` - Contains all URLs that link to video media.

<a name="schema.Tweet"></a>
## `Tweet`

Represents a status update from a twitter user.

This object is a subclass of the pydantic BaseModel which makes it easy to serialize
the object with the .dict() and json() methods.

**Attributes**:

- `tweet_id` - Twitter assigned id associated with the tweet.
- `tweet_url` - Twitter assigned url that links to the tweet.
- `is_retweet` - Represents if the tweet is a retweet.
- `is_pinned` - Represents if the user has pinned the tweet.
- `time` - Time the user sent the tweet.
- `text` - Text contents of the tweet.
- `replies` - A count of the replies to the tweet.
- `retweets` - A count of the times the tweet was retweeted.
- `likes` - A count of the times the tweet was liked.
- `entries` - Contains the entries object which holds metadata
  on the tweets text contents.

<a name="schema.Tweet.from_dict"></a>
#### `Tweet.from_dict`

```python
 | def from_dict(cls, elements: Dict[str, Any]) -> "Tweet"
```

Creates Tweet object from a dictionary of processed text elements.

**Arguments**:

- `elements` - Preprocessed attributes of a tweet object.
  

**Returns**:

  Tweet object.

<a name="schema.Profile"></a>
## `Profile`

The profile object contains Twitter User account metadata.

This object is a subclass of the pydantic BaseModel which makes it easy to serialize
the object with the .dict() and json() methods.

**Attributes**:

- `username` - The users screen_name, handle or alias. '@dgnsrekt'
- `name` - The users name as they've defined it.
- `profile_photo` - URL reference to the profiles photo.
- `tweets_count` - The number of Tweets (including retweets) issued by the user.
- `following_count` - The number of accounts the user is following.
- `followers_count` - The number of followers this account has.
- `likes_count` - Number of likes the follower has received.
- `is_verified` - Indicates if the user has been verified.
- `banner_photo` - URL reference to the profiles banner.
- `biography` - The users autobiography.
- `user_id` - User identification number generated by twitter.
- `location` - A user defined location.
- `website` - A user defined website.

<a name="schema.Profile.from_dict"></a>
#### `Profile.from_dict`

```python
 | def from_dict(cls, elements: Dict[str, Any]) -> "Profile"
```

Creates Profile object from a dictionary of processed text elements.

**Arguments**:

- `elements` - Preprocessed attributes of a profile object.
  

**Returns**:

  Profile object.

